and the sun that has begun to talk latarce that afternoon
of the reef circuit every time he has less strength left he started
one of the boards at the end of the final with frames palm leaving in front
next to rivers in the car of Juan Pablo Gallo
outside and palm inside rivers
almost they were going to touch
was left with the first placement marcos di palma
so he regretted that again almost that he was left empty-handed
the pilot reef to steal at the tip of the competition
and began to set the pace
in the race for invited pilots of tc 4000 standard as a year ago
behind
with the same car for the car of facundo fluff frames of palm before its people
before a crowd that filled
to circuit to cut the reef
chopped
won in the first round
The final for visiting pilots
of the 4000 cc is on the main straight for palm frames for jorge rivers
that I wanted to tell you wanted and in search of the first placement
according to now trump the author Juan Pablo Gallo
of them the money
of the blow with the tail of the car
from bruselas oliver everett
the car of oliver eder driven by fabián farini
trompazo entered the security car
it was relaunched the competition was going to be with red flag then after
of a strong impact
and it will be expensive in addition to the long competition there would be marco di palm again
the first placement left it according to neighborhoods
third the car of the canigó month
in this case
led by molina
asked all the regional
in this competition for pilots
guests of the standard tc 4000 with palm frames
that led the actions
in this final for invited pilots little by little began to make difference
slowly
built
a new victory in this one
competition
that started there last year with guest pilots
in which he also had it as winner
with the same car
in this year with two car ran marcos di palma could not be in the final
from his cell where he
he could not even start
I wanted revenge I wanted to return hararé with the chevy
of deep of the previous points in the championship the arrecifeño pilot and
current champion of the category
New round for marcos di palma for jorge ríos
for mill for the first three of tc 4000 standard
difference in your favor of marcos di palma dos auto when what one more said
entered the first sector that has a pasture circuit
as we said in the crowd
photo also took the chain to be ethical of the car
by andré quiroga
of the pilot must have been San Antonio's age areco
the vega will be considerable
difference that he had gotten his favor
say palm with respect to rivers
it seemed that victory could not escape him
only
guevara some return to return to sing victory before his people
and on reefs
before a costalero circuit filled
of people totally exceeded the expectations of this competence of the
race of the year
with guest pilots
last weekend in a real festival
so much we moved hour we see it possible capeáns
in the car
by josito gonzález gentes julio francischetti
I was in the car
other chery
and the tip of the competition now yes
important difference in favor of marcos di palma
in an unobjectionable triumph and in end to end as he did last year
I will continue to know the second half of the competition
- by the end of it
euros the car from the sea
outside bright on one of their tires
another of the pilots of the town of baradero
the welcome car
this car
a priori or be driven by
sergio soldi but was excluded
poster of finished return for marcos di palma
for Jorge River that entered
to this author or to the exclusion
of that withdrawal that prior to being
the pilot invited by Juan Pablo Gallo
palm frames with though unit
yes hochevar the victory
in the standard 4000 cc for guest pilots it took him
threw in
the main straight of the circuit cotarelo
We failed
palm frames in the main straight
to the reef pilot that again
He was a prophet in his land began to take shape the checkered flag
triumph for marcos di palma
for one of the most popular drivers of Argentine motorsports who told him
again
to the zonal motorsport party
and returned to sing victory there began to ope yews in greeting
to a crowd
there are people who are not going to start
as he usually does with a series of tops
to celebrate his victory while they arrived
the other cars we help
the celebration
of palm frames with the usual thrombi
one out there
two out there
and the sector will go like this
of oporto the circuit where he was
a large crowd also to
was going to be some more spins
and if you get off the car to say hello
to all the public to greet everyone to recife natal
ip to tile another victory in the coastal circuit
as a guest driver
of facundo